--- POSTS ---

Title: I feel violated by intern season
Body: There's this bar that I frequent a few blocks away from my house. Technically different neighborhood, but generally has a mature vibe with people who like music and to dance. Today when I went to the bar and all of a sudden I felt like I was at a college basement party. I thought that I must have been hallucinating, but Then a girl pointed at me and referred to me as the old person. That's when I knew I had to get out of there.
 I was at the wrong party. 

As I walk back home, all of a sudden I realize that there were now tens of thousands of 18 year-old 19 year-old 20-year-olds who were all living on top of each other and were super young and horny to basically use the New York nightlife as their own personal orgy dome.
 Naturally I felt violated

But then again, I thought to myself. Am I not the same as they are, just at a longer time horizon? I'm also a transient being in the city. They might only be here for three months, but I've only been here for three years as well. As a matter fact, there are bunch of people have done this for generations where their parents and their grandparents and their grandparents all met in New York, and they all decided to live somewhere in the broader region whether it be Westchester, Wilmington, Big Indian, Boston, etc. 
New York City is equally adventurous to each, so who am I to judge how others enjoy this adventurous city.

Title: What needs to happen for the league to review the inconsistencies of the refs?
Body: [removed]

Title: Are you guys for/against banning Tiktok in the US?
Body: [removed]

Title: What’s a movie that best represents your childhood?
Body: There's so many coming of age movies for boomers and millennials, what about for gen-Z?

Title: Best blogs, tutorial channels to learn
Body: Hey I’m an iOS developer building in visionOS. Do people have recommendations on resources to catch up on new featuresets for spacial computing?

Title: Watching Edgerunners on the moon feels
Body: Thank you u/overpaidengineer for the inspo


--- COMMENTS ---

Comment: Sorry to hear that man, in the future you may want to have multiple granaries, one close to your berries/deer/fish and one for your veggies/apples/honey.
Also I just store ale at the tavern or keep it in the brewery for this reason

Comment: Yeah but it doesn’t seem to affect much though

Comment: Incredible stuff! How did you maintain character consistency? Did you generate a consistent character image and then use the image-to-video feature?

Comment: I do too but I rarely finish a game haha. Too little late game content

Comment: I do too but I rarely finish a game haha. Too little late game content

Comment: You have to kill the bandit units, or donate crop yields though the manor (tithing, different from taxation).

Comment: That proximity is ridiculous, deep mining, two fishing huts, vegetable, orchards, and trade iron for malt.
imo trading raw materials is easier than trading crafted goods in the current build. High quantity stuff is easy to stock, and you could have multiple trading posts up without any major issues.
The exact opposite of this is plate armor. It takes forever to build, requires three points, and needs eight iron slabs to make it. It’s cheaper to just export the ore, and since it’s a low quantity trade, it’s hard to stick multiple trade posts with it

Comment: Yeah I was doing alright and then as soon as I upgraded to tier 3 my town was in shambles. I didn’t notice how demanding it was going to be

Comment: So in general each family will eat each type of food equally. Which means those with low supply are more likely to be consumed first.

Eggs I believe each plot only produces one per month, so it's helpful, but won't be sufficient to maintain food diversity

Comment: I build my cities close to the borders of others, that way I'm not managing multiple cities at once. The best is building it at the three-way border. That way you're basically managing three cities at once.

Comment: Breakfast - Buvette

Coffee - Lyria

Lunch - Tsukemen okiboru

Coffee - La cabra

Dinner - Isodi

Drinks - Double chicken please

Comment: \- the hype has definitely faded, you can see that with the price as well as the number of people discussing it on X, or even here  
\- haven't seen much innovation in the space at all, the momentum seems to have shifted to solana memecoins, and dissipated after that  
\- again, people no longer seem interested. I found linksDAO to be an interesting concept of fractionally owning a golf course, and they're still active but not much hype around them anymore either. Most major brand NFT collaborations have died down as well  
\- the NFT craze has not settled into something sustainable, it's dead. Can it come back? Possibly, it has happened before, when cryptopunks and cryptokitties were first hot in 2017-ish, then died, then came back during 2020-2022.  
\- will there be a big boom? I personally don't think it would in the way we think of NFTs as collectables. A major thesis was around digital scarcity, and that seemed possible during covid, but post covid people went back to f2f interactions. Digital scarcity could become a hot topic again if we see a broader adoption of VR or even XR, but that seems a bit down the line. I think fractional ownership of assets could be interesting, but they'd just be fungible tokens, not NFT

I see so many one-off posts on this community with only a couple responses. Can't believe there's 2.7M members here. That alone should tell you that NFTs are no longer something people are interested in. I'd love to be proven wrong, since I feel that there was alot of potential, but so far it seems like the community is dead

Comment: Millenials have less kids, so they have more time and money to spend on themselves. Millenials are also getting married less and later in life, meaning we allocate more effort on self care

Comment: I wore a toga. she showed up in regular clothes

Comment: Sent dm!

Comment: Closest expression is naraku ochi 奈落落ち which means falling from the stage, used in kabuki. It’s a way to say going to hell, but neither the literal translation nor the actual meaning is an expression for child suicide.
Source: I’m Japanese

Comment: Fyi it says
“Dear mom, everything I encounter from now is thanks to you”
(It’s a Mother’s Day special chocolate)

Comment: how did you make that diagram? I've been doing it in ascii lol

Comment: It’s pretty hard to get consistent characters when they’re photorealistic tbh. I guess our eyes are more lenient when it’s cartoon.
Any tips for photo realism would be appreciated!

Comment: Can’t really discuss this without your strategy. If you’re setting up on the coast over river, your strategy must involve maritime trades. Also means you benefit from other cities being on the coast. It also means you need some navy to protect your shipping routes and coastal cities. 
